codepen link: https://codepen.io/nora-exe/full/ExgdoGE

Review Questions:
        1. What is Semantic HTML? defines a term but doesn't render (for informational/developer/SEO use, not consumer use)
        2. What is HTML used for? organizing and defining content
        3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Attributes define an element further, and go in the initial tag with the element.
        4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? H1 is the highest priority header and for SEO etc reasons should only be used once!
        5. Name two tags that have required attributes: img requires src and alt attributes. A usually has an href attribute even if it's just an in-page anchor.
        6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? DOCTYPE, HTML, HEAD, and HEADER.
        7. What is an id? An ID is more specific than a CLASS and there should only be 1 tag of that ID.
        8. What elements can I add an id to? Everything probably. Except big ones like doctype and stuff idk.
        9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Don't do that.
        10. What is a class? Applies to multiple elements.
        11. What elements can I add a class to? Same rules as class maybe?
        12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? As often as reasonable.
        13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? a blank target will do that for ya.
        14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? This is text that will show in case the image doesn't show for a variety of reasons (accessibility, missing img src, etc)
        15. How do I reference an id? #idName
        16. What is the difference between a section and a div? AFAIK section is mostly semantic and organizational, like defining sections in text, and div is the original section used to group elements and format them. 
        17. What is CSS used for? stylization outside (but along with) your HTML file.
        18. How to we select an element? elementName {modifications}
        19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. class is broad, id is unique. classes can apply multiple modifiers to different elements, ID modifies specific elements.
        20. How do we select classes in CSS? .className {modifier}
        21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p .human {}
        22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? parent > child {} can be helpful for certain chunks of content instead of going element by element.
        23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div > a > .sidebar?
        24. What is a pseudo selector? Addresses a specific part of a specific element according to certain traits or states like hover or first line of a paragraph etc.
        25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height.
        26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? font-kerning
        27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? transform
        28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div {border:1px dotted black;}
        29. How do I select everything on the page? * for all elements or body for page.
        30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* comment */
        31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
        32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
        33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm; theres no warnings so be careful.
        34. Why should I use version control? so if you mess up you can return to or review a past version.
        35. How often should I commit to github? often?
        36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin destinationname
        37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.

        Steps
fork
copy clone link
git clone <link> in GitBash
cd into the new repo
git checkout -b nora-corser to create your own branch!
open project in VSCode with code .
work on the file :slightly_smiling_face:
ADD git add . to add the changes & ready them for committing
COMMIT git commit -m Your helpful commit message here to commit the changes with your comment on what changes you added
PUSH git push -u origin nora-corser
Now that the changes are on github you can submit a PR (Pull Request)
Go back to your forked Project repo on github (make sure you are on YOUR FORKED copy NOT the original Lambda one)
Click on the Branch:master button on the left side
Click name in dropdown; click New pull request
On the PR page, make sure to click the dropdown button that says base repository and CHANGE it to be your FORKED REPO instead of the original Lambda repo
Submit the PR link to Canvas github.com/username/repo-name/pull/1

Stretch Questions

        1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 